everyone instra Becca host of total look
on my beauty life so today I'm going to
talk to you about coral because as you
guys know I've been in total coral craze
this spring hence the coral nail polish
but I'm also loving coral lips so here's
how you can do it right the thing you
want to do is make sure you start with a
really exfoliated lips so you get all of
that dead skin off then what I like to
do is you can use a primer any kind of
primer you don't necessarily need to
invest in a lip primer but if you don't
have a face primer you can also take
your concealer this is laura mercier
secret camouflage something i can't live
without so what you want to do to really
get a nice smooth lip it's just take a
little bit of concealer make sure the
color concealer you're using is about
shaped to darker than your natural skin
tone because don't forget your lips have
a different view and then you're just
going to Pat it on your lip and that's
going to help even out the surface do it
to the top and the bottom obviously and
then you're going to take your coral
lipstick now what I love about pro
lipstick you'll notice these coral
lipsticks here is that they come in lots
of different shape so if you really want
to go with something that's a really
bright coral this is from bite Beauty a
new line that's out or something really
sure like this from este louder or what
I like to do is layer them so this is
from covergirl you're going to take a
lipstick and I like to start with the
lipstick and you're just going to apply
it to your top and bottom lip and then
you're going to take your sheer lip
gloss and just top it with that
and that just creates a little bit more
of a heavier consistency though so the
coral really pops and there's really
coral shades for every skin tone out
there whether you want to go with more
of a watermelon coral or more of a peach
coral but they're really great for
spring and as we move into summer and
the other thing that's really so great
about coral and wearing a coral lip is
you can really go dramatic with your eye
or you can have more of a skin tone look
all over fresh skin tone or you can
really play with your makeup and punch
it up and try different colors so go
ahead give coral try and you're gonna
love it as much as I do okay that's it
and I'll see you guys next time on total
look